	Motion Recording

	This feature creates an array that has a time stamp and the values for all Drives on the robotic arm. Push and holding the recording 
trigger on the handle of the controller will begin recording until the trigger is released. Switching the playback switch on will cause the 
robotic arm to playback the recorded motion repeatedly until the switch is turned off.

	The feature pulls the position from each drive, currently you have to manually declare the number of drives and each drive along with
each tool. I would like to better intergrade motion tracking so that it will all be automatic so when you create drives or tools the array
will reflect the new drive or tool.

	This was very challenging to implement. I when though multiple revisions of the code early on that where dead ends but where enlighten
It's had various successes and curtain points but is currently not functional at this point but has been with less drives. I'm still currently
in that troubleshooting loop and likely will not finished by the time this class has ended. It could be a number of things that I hope to try and
test this weekend.

	This feature is not technically complicated, at least I don't feel like it is. It uses a lot of lesson that where learned early on in the
class but learning how to put those basic building blocks together to create different things has been but rewarding and frustrating. I probably
missing some critical knowledge about electrical engineering.

	The code for this project has morphed to more general firmware which I'll likely like to build on. Id like this project to be used more
generally for any robot with any number of drives or tools. In the future I'll likely implement classes for motor types like stepper motors and
Close loop control so the micro controller will actually know what the arm is doing.

	I'd say the project is 60% assuming I get everything working. the only other feature I wanted to support was joystick controls using revers
kinematics to transform XYZ inputs to rotational joint movements. I'm still committed to my original scope but it will be likely that I won't be able
to complete the project by the end of the semester. The biggest challenge is just trouble shooting, it seems like the hardware doesn't always like to
cooperate.


I've likely spent 40+ hours on this portion of the project.